### Global Flags
################
guillis_planet_modifiers_active			#set on gamestart
has_guillis_planet_modifiers_mod		#set on gamestart

gpm_initialisation_menu					#set on gamestart
gpm_modifier_amount_max_one				#set on menu
gpm_modifier_amount_low					#set on menu
gpm_modifier_amount_normal				#set on menu
gpm_modifier_amount_high				#set on menu

gpm_modifiers_fallen_empire_disabled	#set on menu
gpm_modifiers_ringworlds_disabled		#set on menu
gpm_planetary_rings_disabled			#set on menu
gpm_planet_wonders_disabled				#set on menu
gpm_modifiers_homeworld_enabled			#set on menu
gpm_modifiers_precursor_disabled		#set on menu
gpm_precursor_ai_chain_disabled			#set on menu
gpm_relic_drops_disabled				#set on menu

forbid_guillis_planet_modifiers			#dont run engine on this
forbid_guillis_precursor_modifiers      #dont run precursor spawn scripts on this


gpm_r_time_displacer_found					#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_alien_eggs_found						#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_machine_world_core_found				#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_encyclopedia_galactica_found			#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_zero_energy_generator_found			#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_quantum_sphere_found					#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_ai_architect_found					#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_encrypted_sct_found					#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_experimental_weapon_found				#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_fallout_emergency_replicator_found	#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_power_core_found						#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_mysterious_shield_generator_found		#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_gravity_engine_found					#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_codex_administratum_found				#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_enigmatic_advisor_found				#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_positronic_microchip_found			#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_venerable_dreadnaught_found			#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_sentinel_queen_found					#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_earthquake_engine_found				#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_manufactorium_ship_found				#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_datacube_found						#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_self_assembly_hub_found				#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_banner_of_the_fallen_found			#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_cloaking_device_found					#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_q_storage_compressor_found			#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_soul_gem_found						#Relic found, cant be found again
gpm_r_self_repairing_obelisk_found			#Relic found, cant be found again

### Country Flags
#################

# When discovering a precursor modifier
gpm_discover_precursor_remnants
gpm_discover_precursor_energy_grid
gpm_discover_precursor_satelite_grid
gpm_discover_precursor_city
gpm_discover_precursor_shipyards
gpm_discover_precursor_planetary_gun
gpm_discover_precursor_bunker_grid
gpm_discover_precursor_mechs
gpm_discover_precursor_planetary_shield
gpm_discover_precursor_floating_city
gpm_discover_precursor_capital_complex
gpm_discover_precursor_communication_hub
gpm_discover_precursor_singularity_drive
gpm_discover_precursor_eternal_fortress
gpm_discover_precursor_prison_planet
gpm_discover_precursor_mines
gpm_discover_precursor_manufactorium
gpm_discover_precursor_vaults
gpm_discover_precursor_crashed_spacestation
gpm_discover_precursor_battleground_ruins
gpm_discover_precursor_outpost_ruins
gpm_discover_precursor_harbor_ruins
gpm_discover_precursor_generic_ruins
gpm_discover_precursor_obelisks
gpm_discover_planet_wonder

# Relic related flags
relic_machine_world_core_activated			# activated machine core relic and can now do planet decision

# Unlocks
gpm_artifact_research_centre_unlocked		# allowed to build arcane research center
gpm_personal_mech_trait_rewarded			# unlocks general trait
gpm_historian_trait_rewarded				# unlocks leader trait
gpm_fallen_heraldry_trait_rewarded			# unlocks admiral trait
gpm_battle_standards_trait_rewarded			# unlocks general trait
gpm_core_prison_rewarded					# unlocks subsurface prison building
gpm_exotic_park_rewarded					# unlocks exotic park building
gpm_precursor_expert_trait_rewarded			# unlocks precursor expert trait

# Event related flags
gpm_xeno_army_fire_event					# from the X xeno armies every Y years
gpm_ego_country								# ego/xandar country flag
gpm_ego_first_meet							# ego/xandar country flag
gpm_ego_friendly_reward						# ego/xandar country flag
gpm_ego_first_fleet_destroyed				# ego/xandar country flag

### Solar System Flags
######################
gpm_guardians_ego_system
gpm_precursor_machine_system
gpm_machine_system_machine_world
gpm_machine_system_moon
gpm_precursor_gaia_system
gpm_gaia_system_gaia_world




### Planet Flags
################
gpm_is_precursor_world  				#set on gamestart
gpm_is_wondrous_world					#set on gamestart
is_event_spawned_planet					#planet is created after gamestart (event). Runs gpm_engine.1 on_survey
has_gpm_d_relic_tank_factory
has_gpm_d_relic_mech_factory
has_gpm_d_relic_power_armor_factory
has_gpm_d_relic_ship_factory
has_gpm_d_relic_reactor_factory

gpm_is_precursor_orbiting_habitat
gpm_is_extensive_moon_mining_habitat
gpm_is_frequent_thunderstorms_research_habitat
gpm_is_radioactive_mantle_mining_habitat
gpm_is_frequent_asteroid_flybys_habitat
gpm_is_ancient_temple_expeditions_habitat
gpm_is_highly_charged_particle_collection_habitat
gpm_is_time_displaced_planet_research_habitat
gpm_is_surface_mining_habitat
gpm_is_surface_expeditions_habitat
gpm_is_android_pleasure_palace_tourism_habitat
gpm_is_delicious_ingredients_trade_habitat
gpm_is_flat_terrain_racing_habitat
gpm_is_strange_alien_eggs_restriction_habitat
gpm_is_hydrogen_extraction_habitat
gpm_is_nitrogen_extraction_habitat
gpm_is_chlorine_extraction_habitat
gpm_is_phosphorus_extraction_habitat
gpm_is_sulfur_extraction_habitat

gpm_has_RES

### Ambient Flags
#################





### Other mod global flags to check for
#######################################
planetarydiversity